Motor TCD assembly

1. 	Remove all supports and raft from the print, it is important to ensure that all parts are free
	from excessive material especially the friction surfaces to ensure smooth movement of the device

2. 	The motor racks consists of 2 components, a hollow square at the front to attach to the strap and 
	move the probe around a rectangular box to hold the motor

3. 	There are 4 open holes on the rectangular box of motor rack: 1 at the back and 1 on the side for
	motor wires, 2 at the front to connect the faceplate and innerplate

4. 	With thin bar facing upwards, slide the headplate into through the upper hole on the front face
	of motor rack 

5. 	Push the headplate as far back into the motor rack as possible 

6. 	Tilt the faceplate at an angle where the thin bar is elevated as further away from the surface of 
	motor rack as possible 

7. 	Align the hollow square of the motor plate with the thin bar of faceplate

8. 	Slide the inner plate underneath the thin bar at and angle, ensuring that the bar is still align 
	with the hollow square, then, pushes the end of the bar into the square
   	
	*Note: it is imporant that the small arm of the bar is located in between the closed hollow square 
	and open hollow square)
   	
	(An easier techinque is to place the motor plate perpendicular to the end of the thin bar, let the 
	thin bar touches the upper surface then rotate the motor plate slowly underneath the thin bar allowing
	the end of the bar to go throug the hollow square

9. 	After the open end of the bar has gone trough the closed hollow square, push the inner plate foward 
	the front face while also applying downward pressure so the motor plate lays flat onto the motor rack

10. 	A 'click' sound should be hear when the motor plate snaps into place

11. 	Ensure that all the movement are smooth (up and down movement along the motor plate of the faceplate and
	side movement of motor plate inside the motor rack)

12. 	If the movement is not smooth, remove the parts and smoothen all friction surface then repeat from step 4

13. 	If all movements are smooth, close the lid of motor rack to complete the assembly (move rotation may be needed to put the lid into place)